{
	"settings": {
		"general": {
			"PERSONAL_INFORMATION": "Personal information",
			"BRAND": "BRAND / ARTIST NAME",
			"IDENTIFIER": "IDENTIFIER",
			"REPRESENTATIVE_NAME": "REPRESENTATIVE NAME",
			"CHANGE_PASSWORD": "Change password",
			"WEIGHT_MEASURE": "WEIGHT MEASURE",
			"SELECT_MEASUREMENT": "Please select a unit of measurement",
			"CHANGES_SAVED": " The changes have been saved!",
			"CURRENT_PASSWORD": "CURRENT PASSWORD",
			"NEW_PASSWORD": "NEW PASSWORD",
			"CONFIRM_NEW_PASSWORD": "CONFIRM NEW PASSWORD",
			"PASSWORD_NOT_MATCH": "Password don't match",
			"SELECT_AN_OPTION": "Select an option"
		},
		"orders": {
			"ORDERS": "ORDERS",
			"NO_ORDERS_FOUND": "No orders found",
			"OPEN": "Open",
			"PAST": "Past",
			"ALL": "All",
			"SALES": "Sales",
			"MY_PURCHASE": "My purchase",
			"INVOICE_NUMBER": "INVOICE Nº",
			"TOTAL_PRICE": "TOTAL PRICE",
			"PURCHASE_DATE": "PURCHASE DATE",
			"SHIPPED_TO": "SHIPPED TO",
			"ORDER_NUMBER": "ORDER Nº",
			"SHIPPING_DATE": "SHIPPING DATE",
			"SHIPPING_TYPE": "SHIPPING TYPE",
			"STATUS": "STATUS",
			"TRACK_PACKAGE": "Track package",
			"SHIPPING_DATA": "<span class='col-md-12' style='color: #9D9D9D;'>SHIPPING COMPANY</span><label class='col-md-12'> {{ data }} </label><span class='col-md-12' style='color: #9D9D9D;'>TRACKING NUMBER</span><label class='col-md-12'>{{ data2 }}</label>",
			"SHIPPING_DATA_WITH_LINK": "<span class='col-md-12' style='color: #9D9D9D;'>SHIPPING COMPANY</span><label class='col-md-12'> {{ data }} </label><span class='col-md-12' style='color: #9D9D9D;'>TRACKING NUMBER</span><label class='col-md-12'>{{ data2 }}</label><span class='col-md-12' style='color: #9D9D9D;'>TRACKING LINK</span><a class='col-md-12 red-text' href=' {{ data3 }}' target='blank'>{{ data3 }}</a>",
			"ORDER_DATE": "ORDER DATE",
			"CLIENT_NAME": "CLIENT NAME",
			"SHIP_TO": "SHIP TO",
			"BILL_TO": "BILL TO",
			"YOU_RECEIVE": "YOU_RECEIVE",
			"TODEVISE_COMMISSION": "TODEVISE COMMISSION",
			"SHIPPING": "SHIPPING",
			"IM_AWARE": "1. I'M AWARE",
			"IM_PREPARING": "2. I'M PREPARING",
			"CLICK_TO_INFORM": "When you see the order, please click the button below to inform us",
			"READY_TO_CREATE": "READY TO CREATE",
			"SHIPPING_COMPANY": "Shipping company",
			"ETA": "ETA",
			"TRACKING_NUMBER": "Tracking number",
			"TRACKING_LINK": "Link to track package ",
			"MOVE_TO_PAST_ORDERS": "When you click this button, the order will be moved to PAST ORDERS",
			"SAVE_CHANGES": "SAVE CHANGES",
			"PACKAGE_SHIPPED": "PACKAGE WAS SHIPPED",
			"TOTAL": "Total",
			"CONTINUE_MARK_SHIPPED": "<p>You are marking this order as shipped.</p><p><strong>This action cannot be undone.</strong></p><p>Do you want to continue?</p>",
			"ORDER_MOVED_TO_PAST": "Order {{ data }} was moved to Past orders. For payment information see Billing & Payments"
		},
		"shipping": {
			"ADD_SHIPPING_PRICES": "Add shipping prices",
			"TOTAL": "Total",
			"ADD_ANY_OBSERVATIONS": "Please add any observations, if any, regarding the shipping process. If there is specific information for each product, you will be able to add it when you create the product.",
			"SHIPPING_TYPE": "SHIPPING TYPE",
			"STANDARD_SHIPPING": "Standard shipping",
			"STANDARD_TIME": "Standard time",
			"DAYS": "Days",
			"ADD_EXPRESS_SHIPPING": "Add express shipping",
			"EXPRESS_TIME": "Express time",
			"PLEASE_CREATE_RANGES": "Please create the weight ranges for your products. The prices will be set depending on the weights. You can edit, delete and create weight ranges at any time. The weight ranges must be in order, from the lowest weight to the highest.",
			"RANGE": "Range",
			"FROM": "From",
			"TO": "to",
			"UNLIMITED_WEIGHT": "unlimited weight",
			"ADD_RANGE": "+ Add Range",
			"EXPRESS_SHIPPING": "Express shipping",
			"WEIGHTS_PRICES": "WHEIGHTS & PRICES",
			"OBSERVATIONS": "OBSERVATIONS"
		},
		"header": {
			"GENERAL": "General",
			"MY_ORDERS": "My orders",
			"STOCK_PRICE": "Price & Stock",
			"BILLING_PAYMENTS": "Billing & payments",
			"SHIPPING": "Shipping",
			"CHANGES_SAVED": "Changes saved successfully",
			"PLS_CORRECT": "Please correct the errors below and try saving again"
		},
		"FILL_FIELD": "Please, fill in this field",
		"FILL_ALL_FIELDS": "Please, fill in all the required fields"
	}
}