{
	"todevise": {
		"order": {
			"ORDER_SUCCESS_TITLE": "Congratulations!",
			"PURCHASE_COMPLETE": "Purchase has been completed",
			"RECEIPT_TO_MAIL": "A copy of the order receipt has been sent to your email",
			"CONTINUE_SHOPPING": "Continue shopping",
			"DOWNLOAD_RECEIPT": "Download receipt",
			"ORDER_ID": "Order number",
			"PAYMENT_METHOD": "Payment method",
			"SHIPPING_PRICE": "Shipping price",
			"CURRENCY": "€",
			"TOTAL": "Total"
		},
		"authentication_required": {
			"ALREADY_USER": "Are you already user? Login",
			"REMEMBER": "Remember me",
			"NOT_VALID": "Email or password are invalid",
			"NEW_SIGN": "New in todevise? Register"
		},
		"become_deviser": {
			"EXPRESS": "Express",
			"YOURSELF": "Yourself",
			"REQUEST_INVITATION": "Request invitation",
			"SET_UP_STORE": "Set up your store in minutes",
			"OPENING_STORE": "Opening your store on Todevise is a fast and efortless process.",
			"JOIN_COMMUNITY": "Join a select community of devisers",
			"BECOME_PART": "Become part of a group of creators who share the same passion for innovation and quality as you, and let your creativity flourish.",
			"SELLER_TOOLS": "Seller tools",
			"ADVANCED_ANALYTICS": "Get advanced analytics and manage your sales and customer relations, all in one place.",
			"AFFILIATE_PROGRAM": "Affiliate program",
			"GROW_SALES": "Grow your customer base and sales exponentially with our innovative affiliate program. Promote works and earn funds.",
			"CURRENCY": "€",
			"ENJOY_FEATURES": "Enjoy all the Todevise features for only 99€/year (billed annually) and 4% for each transaction. Marketing and affiliates costs not included.",
			"GROW_BRAND": "Grow your brand",
			"INTERNATIONAL_CUSTOMERS": "Reach international customers who understand your philosophy and appreciate your work. Get marketing guidance and SEO/SEM optimization by our team of experts. Potential onsite and social media promotion of your work.",
			"OUTLET_STORE": "Having your outlet store on Todevise opens your business to a world of opportunities. Reach new customers, upload products with ease, manage and track your sales efficiently.",
			"STRIVE_EXCELLENCE": "We constantly strive for excellence, and for this reason an invitation is needed to register a deviser.",
			"PERSONAL_INFO": "Personal info",
			"NAME": "Name",
			"YOUR_WORK": "Your work",
			"WHAT_CREATE": "What do you create?",
			"LINK_PORTFOLIO": "Link to portfolio",
			"ADD_NEW": "Add new +",
			"LINK_VIDEO": "Link to video",
			"OBSERVATIONS": "Observations",
			"SUCCESSFULLY_SENT": "Your message has been sent successfully.",
			"WILL_CONTACT": "We will contact you shortly."
		},
		"create_deviser": {
			"WELCOME": "Welcome to todevise",
			"START_CREATING": "You can now start creating your profile",
			"BECOME": "Become a deviser",
			"INVITATION_NEEDED": "You need an invitation to create an account. You can ask for one in \"@:todevise.create_deviser.BECOME\".",
			"INVITATION_USED": "You have created a Deviser account with this invitation. Login to access to your account.",
			"INVITATION_NOT_AVAILABLE": "This invitation is not longer available. You can ask for a new one in \"@:todevise.create_deviser.BECOME\"."
		},
		"create_influencer": {
			"WELCOME": "welcome",
			"TO": "to",
			"INVITATION_NEEDED": "You need an invitation to create an account. You can ask for one in \"@:todevise.create_influencer.BECOME\".",
			"BECOME": "Become a deviser",
			"INVITATION_USED": "You have created a Influencer account with this invitation. Login to access to your account.",
			"INVITATION_NOT_AVAILABLE": "This invitation is not longer available. You can ask for a new one in \"@:todevise.create_influencer.BECOME\"."
		},
		"index": {
			"HIGHLIGHTED_WORKS": "Highlighted works"
		},
		"login": {
			"LOGIN_TITLE": "Login in to your todevise account",
			"REMEMBER": "Remember me",
			"NOT_VALID": "Email or password are invalid"
		},
		"signup": {
			"WELCOME": "welcome",
			"TO": "to",
			"NAME": "Name"
		},
		"contact": {
			"QUESTION_ABOUT": "What is your question about?",
			"EMAIL_OK": "Message send successfully",
			"EMAIL_ERROR": "An error ocurred while sending your message. Please try again later"
		},
		"ACCEPT_TERMS": "I accept Todevise <a href='#'>Terms & Conditions</a>",
		"NEW_PRODUCT": "Create new work",
		"DESCRIPTION": "Description",
		"RETURNS_WARRANTY": "Warranty and returns",
		"STOCK_PRICE_SINGLE": "Single Price & Stock",
		"COMMENTS": "Comments",
		"SENDED_EMAIL": "Email sended. Check your inbox. (test)"
	}
}